This project is a project in the likeness of the "Bob-omb Squad" Minigame from New Super Mario Bros DS, owned by Nintendo
The sprites were ripped by TJ the Kid
https://www.spriters-resource.com/ds_dsi/supermario64ds/sheet/6846/

This project was a bit of a disaster for myself. I was completely over confident and set my expectations way to high. My first goal was to recreate the minigame discussed above to every last detail, but I quickly realized that was impossible. For the first 2 weeks, I worked on 
creating the foundation for my code, creating the settings and gathering the assets. My first challenge was my inability to use photoshop. The sprites that I downloaded were all placed on one image, and I thought I could just cut them out. I realized I couldn't, see I found a online pixel creator and recreated the sprites pixel for pixel. After finishing that, I loaded in the sprites. For the next 1.5 weeks I worked on creating a function for the bombs to fall. I needed the bombs to be spawned in random positions, fall down the screen and then re-direct themselves to move to the flowers at the bottom of the screen. It was at this time that I learned a very important lesson, pygame cannot actually delete or move sprites, you must blit over the old images to create the illusion of movement. Unfortunately, this code was lost when my computer crashed. For the next 3.5 weeks I started working on the catapult component. I used Ben McCardy to help me with the foundation of the code and then fine-tuned it myself so that the cannon ball follows the mouse cursor. At this point I moved to implement the falling bombs again and the cloud. At this point I realized a critical mistake I had made. I had been updating each sprite individually with the background, but now that I need to have multiple sprites move at the same time, the individual updates were bliting over each other, allowing only one sprite to be on the background. At this point I had two choices, restart the whole project having group update function, or I could continue on and just code each factor individually. I took the second path and ended up here, far behind from my original goal.

